21826085	DPP6 as a candidate gene for neuroleptic-induced tardive dyskinesia.	We implemented a two-step approach to detect potential predictor gene variants for neuroleptic-induced tardive dyskinesia (TD) in schizophrenic subjects. First, we screened associations by using a genome-wide (Illumina HumanHapCNV370) SNP array in 61 Japanese schizophrenia patients with treatment-resistant TD and 61 Japanese schizophrenia patients without TD. Next, we performed a replication analysis in 36 treatment-resistant TD and 138 non-TD subjects. An association of an SNP in the DPP6 (dipeptidyl peptidase-like protein-6) gene, rs6977820, the most promising association identified by the screen, was significant in the replication sample (allelic P=0.008 in the replication sample, allelic P=4.6 × 10(-6), odds ratio 2.32 in the combined sample). The SNP is located in intron-1 of the DPP6 gene and the risk allele was associated with decreased DPP6 gene expression in the human postmortem prefrontal cortex. Chronic administration of haloperidol increased Dpp6 expression in mouse brains. DPP6 is an auxiliary subunit of Kv4 and regulates the properties of Kv4, which regulates the activity of dopaminergic neurons. The findings of this study indicate that an altered response of Kv4/DPP6 to long-term neuroleptic administration is involved in neuroleptic-induced TD.
22080034	Nanosilver effects on growth parameters in experimental aflatoxicosis in broiler chickens.	Aflatoxicosis is a cause of economic losses in broiler production. In this study, the effect of one commercial nanocompound, Nanocid (Nano Nasb Pars Co., Iran) was evaluated in reduction of aflatoxin effects on the growth and performance indices in broiler chickens suffering from experimental aflatoxicosis. For this, a total of 300 one-day-old broiler chicks (Ross strain) were randomly divided into 4 groups with 3 replicates of 15 chicks in each separated pen during the 28-day experiment. Treatment groups including group A: chickens fed basal diet, group B: chickens fed 3 ppm productive aflatoxin in basal diet, group C: chickens fed basal diet plus 2500 ppm Nanocid, and group D: chickens fed 3 ppm productive aflatoxin and 2500 ppm Nanocid, in basal diet. Data on body weight, body weight gain (BWG), feed intake, and feed conversion ratio (FCR) were recorded at weekly intervals. Also cumulative data were assessed. Results showed, although supplement of Nanocid to conventional diet had no effect on performance but addition of Nanocid to diet containing 3 ppm aflatoxin increased significantly the cumulative BWG, cumulative feed consumption and decreased FCR in the last 2 weeks of experimental period. The improvement in these performance indices by supplement of Nanocid to diet containing aflatoxin showed the ability of Nanocid to diminish the inhibitory effects of aflatoxin.
22080035	The influence of the intensity of smoking and years of work in the metallurgy on pro-oxidant/antioxidant balance in the blood of smelters.	The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of cigarette smoking and occupational exposure to heavy metals on the degree of pro-oxidant/antioxidant imbalance in smelters. The investigations were performed on the blood and urine of 400 subjects: 300 male copper smelters and 100 nonexposed male subjects. Biological material was divided into three groups: nonsmokers, those who smoked less than 20 cigarettes a day and those who smoked more than 20 cigarettes a day. The results showed a significant increase in the concentration of lead, cadmium and arsenic in the blood and urine of smelters, while smoking more than 20 cigarettes a day caused a further increase in the concentration of these metals. The level of malondialdehyde was approximately twofold higher in the plasma of the smelters compared to the control group. We have observed a disturbance in the level of antioxidants in erythrocyte lysate manifested by an increase in metallothionein and glutathione concentrations as well as superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase activities and the decrease in glutathione S-transferase activity. Cigarette smoking, years of work in metallurgy and age of smelters were additional factors significantly affecting the pro-oxidant/antioxidant balance.
22080037	Mercury induces the expression of cyclooxygenase-2 and inducible nitric oxide synthase.	Nuclear factor-κB (NF-κB) is a transcription factor that mediates the inducible expression of a variety of genes involved in immune and inflammatory responses. NF-κB activation induces numerous proinflammatory gene products including cytokines, cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2), and inducible nitric oxide synthase (iNOS). The divalent heavy metal mercury has been used for thousands of years. Although mercury is clearly toxic to most mammalian organ systems, especially the immune system, exposure has still increased in some areas of the world. However, the underlying toxic mechanism is not clearly identified. Here, we report biochemical evidence that mercury alone induces NF-κB activation, resulting in the induced expression of COX-2 and iNOS. The results suggest that mercury can induce inflammatory diseases by lowering host defense.